Feat: adjust fields for ECS compatibility (#28)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-exec: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.4.0
  - Feat: adjust fields for ECS compatibility [#28](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-exec/pull/28)
  - Plugin will no longer override fields if they exists in the decoded payload 

>     (e.g. no longer sets the `host` field if decoded from the command's output)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Plugin will no longer override fields if they exist in the decoded payload.
    (It no longer sets the `host` field if decoded from the command's output.)
```
